QtStuff
=======

QtStuff: Classes and helper functions for working with PySide/PyQt

QtStuff ('Cute Stuff') provides helpful classes and a nice icon set for use with PySide/PyQt. It also provides a PySide/PyQt agnostic wrapper around the library. No matter which version you have installed, just do:

    from QtStuff import QtCore, QtGui, QtWebKit, QtLoadUi

Most functions and classes in the library we're found in the various Qt Website, forums, stackOverflow etc..



API summary
-------------

``gui.py``
*********
Widgets/Dialogs for Qt GUI's
  ``JWindow``: An easy way to quickly make an application window which is centered on screen, has a name, statusbar, central widget, icon and a standard 'Are you sure?' message on quit. 
  
  ``ExitMessage``: Provides a standard message box with an 'Are you sure' message. Uses the 'GreyCircle' icon set.
  
  ``icons``: Call this function with the name of an icon to get a QIcon instance for that icon.
  ``what_icons``: Call this function to get a list of available icon names
  
``mixins.py``
***********
Mixins to extend functionality of Qt classes

  ``PopupDialogMixin``: Turn any dialog into a popup dialog, that appears directly under the button/action that created it.
  
``util.py``
********
Qt Utilities

   ``Logger``: A basic logger for sending messages/writing information to style. Pass the message to logger.log along with the severity and it can both write to a log file and emit a corresponding signal.
   
   ``workInThread``: An easy way of 'doing work' in another thread to keep the GUI responsive
   
``console.py``
*************
A simplistic interactive python console

``colorpicker.py``
****************
Useful widgets for selecting/displaying colors. A more comprehensive, modern and user-friendly alternative to QColorDialog

``QtVariant.py``
*****************
Compatibility module to support both PyQt and PySide

``images.qrc/images.py``
********************
Resource files for the icon set. images.py is autogenerated by rcc.exe

``Images``
***********
This folder contains the icon sets.
